The life of a small-town girl only ever seemed to be one of boredom and simplicity. She would wake up each day, do the same things she always did, and go to bed with nothing new having happened. But on this particular day, something was different.
 She woke up feeling excited, as if something great was about to happen. And sure enough, by the time she went to bed that night, her life had changed forever.

The girl had always been a bit of an outsider. She was never quite sure why, but she always felt like she didn't quite fit in with the other kids at school. So when she was approached by the new girl in town and asked to be friends, she was thrilled. Finally, someone who wanted to be friends with her!

The two girls quickly became inseparable. They would spend all their free time together, talking and laughing until they were both exhausted. The small-town girl had never been so happy. It felt like finally she belonged somewhere.

But then one day, out of the blue, the new girl stopped talking to her. She would completely ignore her when they were at school together, and even though the small-town girl tried reaching out to her, she just couldn't get through. She was heartbroken and lost without her friend.

But she refused to give up. She knew that there must be a reason why the new girl was acting this way, and she was determined to find out what it was. So she started following her after school, and eventually she discovered that the new girl was being bullied by some of the other kids in town.

The small-town girl was outraged. How could anyone bully her sweet, innocent friend? She decided then and there that she would do whatever it took to protect her. And from that day forward, she became the new girl's protector. Standing up for her whenever someone tried to hurt her, and making sure she always had a shoulder to cry on.

Eventually, the bullying stopped altogether and the two girls went back to being best friends. The small-town girl realised that sometimes life can be unpredictable, but it's always worth fighting for the things you care about.