Write an award-winning 3rd person short-story.

The life of a small-town girl only ever seemed to be one of boredom and simplicity. She would wake up each day, do the same things she always did, and go to bed with nothing new having happened. But on this particular day, something was different. She awoke at the same time as she normally would, showered & dressed unwillingly because joy had left her some years back. There’s no use in mentioning that again. Yet something did happen this day--after showering and after dressing, gave up on trying to put herself together–decided instead to uphold old habits --and started out into town once more. This walk was different than all other previous ones, however; it ended too soon and there was an underlying overwhelming diss


 apointment. She had been so close to the end of her journey, yet she was forced to turn back. It was as if she had been cheated out of something. She had been cheated out of a chance to be someone else, someone new


, someone who had a purpose. She was cheated out of a chance to be someone who mattered.


 She was cheated out of a chance to be a mother.

I know what you’re thinking. I’m not like that. I’m not like that at all. I’m not like that. I


’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that.


 I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I


’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that.I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. I’m not like that.I’ll never be a bitch,I'll never be a hoe,I'll never be a slut,I'll never be a whore,I'll

